# Test Run
January 12, 15:58

## Goal
Investigate the relationship between pass though size, pressure, and growth difficulty.

## Procedure
For each adapter size:
  1. Install adapter  inside previous one
  2. Pressurize tank to 75 psi.
  3. Set compressor regulator to 25 psi
  4. Set main regulator to 5 full turns from off and start stopwatch
  5. Stop stopwatch and record time when tank pressure reaches 25 psi
  6. Turn off tank regulator and recharge the tank to 75 psi
  7. Make sure there is at least 3 inches of unwound body available to pull without unwinding
  7. Hook the ends of the spring around the outermost set of tendon guilds that are still within the everted section.
  8. Set the tank regulator to 25 psi
  9. Pull on the spring end until the body starts to evert. Record the deflection distance.
  

## Data

| Passthrough Size (in) | Leakage Time (min:sec) | Spring Deflection (in) |
|-----------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
| 1                     | 1:08                   | 0.75                   |
| 1                     | 0:53                   |                        |
| 7/8                   | 0:47                   | 0.85                   |
| 7/8                   | 0:46                   |                        |
| 3/4                   | 0:47                   | 1                      |
| 3/4                   | 0:48                   |                        |

*The difference in leakage time between 1 in and 7/8 in was likely caused by the addition of the adapter and increasing confidence in the procedure.

## Results/Findings
There is really no difference in leakage between different sized passthroughs. I think this is because air is escaping in the wrinkles/folds in the fabric which still exist with smaller hole sizes. The only thing that really changes is the eversion force, and none of the tests were able to get enough force to evert without help.

## Related Files
None
